README.md, before:

<h1>Map2Check</h1>
<h3>Finding Software Vulnerabilities using Symbolic Execution and Fuzzing</h3>

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hbgit/Map2Check.svg?branch=fuzzy_gen)](https://travis-ci.org/hbgit/Map2Check)

================ 

<b>Goal:</b> 
<p align="justify">
Map2Check is a bug hunting tool that automatically generating and checking safety properties in C programs. 
It tracks memory pointers and variable assignments to check user-specified assertions, overflow, and pointer safety.
The generation of the tests cases are based on assertions (safety properties) from the code instructions, adopting the 
[LLVM framework](http://llvm.org/), [LibFuzzer](https://llvm.org/docs/LibFuzzer.html) [KLEE](https://klee.github.io/) to generate input values to 
the test cases generated by Map2Check.      
</p>

Extra documentation is available at https://map2check.github.io

================

Requirements for using the tool<br>
To use this tool is necessary a Linux 64-bit OS system. In linux, you can install requirements typing the commands:
> $ sudo apt install python-minimal <br>
> $ sudo apt install libc6-dev


Our binary tool is avaliable at https://github.com/hbgit/Map2Check/releases
 
================


<b>How to build Map2Check?</b>

<p align="justify">
You can build Map2Check using our [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile), more details at https://map2check.github.io/docker.html
</p>


<b>Install Map2Check</b>

<p align="justify">
In order to install Map2Check on your PC, you should download and save the map2check zip file on your disk from https://github.com/hbgit/Map2Check/releases. 
After that, you should type the following command:
</p>

> $ unzip map2check_v7.2_svcomp.zip <br>
> $ cd Map2Check-map2check_v7.2_svcomp

<b>Testing tool</b>

<p align="justify">
Map2Check can be invoked through a standard command-line interface. Map2Check should be called 
in the installation directory as follows:  
</p>

> $ ./map2check -m sample/svcomp_960521-1_false-valid-free.c

For help and others options: 

> $ ./map2check --help

===========================

<b> Instructions for SV-COMP'19 </b>

Use the ['map2check-wrapper.py'](utils/map2check-wrapper.py) script in the 'utils' directory to verify each single test-case. 

Usage: 

> $ ./map2check-wrapper.py -p propertyFile.prp file.i

<p align="justify">
Map2Check accepts the property file and the verification task and provides as verification result:
<b>TRUE + Witness</b>, <b>[FALSE|FALSE(p)] + Witness</b>, or <b>UNKNOWN</b>. 
FALSE(p), with p in {valid-free, valid-deref, valid-memtrack}, means that the (partial) 
property p is violated. 
For each verification result the witness file (called <b>witness.graphml</b>) is generated Map2Check root-path folder. 
There is timeout of 895 seconds set by this script, using "timeout" tool that is part of coreutils 
on debian. If these constraints are violated, it should be treated as UNKNOWN result. 
</p>

===========================

<b> Authors </b>

Maintainers:
  - Herbert O. Rocha (since 2014), Federal University of Roraima, Brazil <br>
  - Rafael Menezes   (since 2016), Federal University of Roraima, Brazil <br>

Questions and bug reports:  
  E-mail: map2check.tool@gmail.com

          .-.          
          /v\
         // \\    > L I N U X - GPL <
        /(   )\
         ^^-^^

Commit message:

Added tip for llvm bytecode usage

README.md, after:

<h1>Map2Check</h1>
<h3>Finding Software Vulnerabilities using Symbolic Execution and Fuzzing</h3>

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hbgit/Map2Check.svg?branch=fuzzy_gen)](https://travis-ci.org/hbgit/Map2Check)

================ 

<b>Goal:</b> 
<p align="justify">
Map2Check is a bug hunting tool that automatically generating and checking safety properties in C programs. 
It tracks memory pointers and variable assignments to check user-specified assertions, overflow, and pointer safety.
The generation of the tests cases are based on assertions (safety properties) from the code instructions, adopting the 
[LLVM framework](http://llvm.org/), [LibFuzzer](https://llvm.org/docs/LibFuzzer.html) [KLEE](https://klee.github.io/) to generate input values to 
the test cases generated by Map2Check.      
</p>

Extra documentation is available at https://map2check.github.io

================

Requirements for using the tool<br>
To use this tool is necessary a Linux 64-bit OS system. In linux, you can install requirements typing the commands:
> $ sudo apt install python-minimal <br>
> $ sudo apt install libc6-dev


Our binary tool is avaliable at https://github.com/hbgit/Map2Check/releases
 
================


<b>How to build Map2Check?</b>

<p align="justify">
You can build Map2Check using our [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile), more details at https://map2check.github.io/docker.html
</p>


<b>Install Map2Check</b>

<p align="justify">
In order to install Map2Check on your PC, you should download and save the map2check zip file on your disk from https://github.com/hbgit/Map2Check/releases. 
After that, you should type the following command:
</p>

> $ unzip map2check_v7.2_svcomp.zip <br>
> $ cd Map2Check-map2check_v7.2_svcomp

<b>Testing tool</b>

<p align="justify">
Map2Check can be invoked through a standard command-line interface. Map2Check should be called 
in the installation directory as follows:  
</p>

> $ ./map2check -m sample/svcomp_960521-1_false-valid-free.c

For help and others options: 

> $ ./map2check --help

When using a LLVM bytecode, be sure to add `-g` flag when generating the file, it is not required, but map2check will provide better info (like line numbers).

===========================

<b> Instructions for SV-COMP'19 </b>

Use the ['map2check-wrapper.py'](utils/map2check-wrapper.py) script in the 'utils' directory to verify each single test-case. 

Usage: 

> $ ./map2check-wrapper.py -p propertyFile.prp file.i

<p align="justify">
Map2Check accepts the property file and the verification task and provides as verification result:
<b>TRUE + Witness</b>, <b>[FALSE|FALSE(p)] + Witness</b>, or <b>UNKNOWN</b>. 
FALSE(p), with p in {valid-free, valid-deref, valid-memtrack}, means that the (partial) 
property p is violated. 
For each verification result the witness file (called <b>witness.graphml</b>) is generated Map2Check root-path folder. 
There is timeout of 895 seconds set by this script, using "timeout" tool that is part of coreutils 
on debian. If these constraints are violated, it should be treated as UNKNOWN result. 
</p>

===========================

<b> Authors </b>

Maintainers:
  - Herbert O. Rocha (since 2014), Federal University of Roraima, Brazil <br>
  - Rafael Menezes   (since 2016), Federal University of Roraima, Brazil <br>

Questions and bug reports:  
  E-mail: map2check.tool@gmail.com

          .-.          
          /v\
         // \\    > L I N U X - GPL <
        /(   )\
         ^^-^^
